fix TableToMarkdown (#11563)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_7_17.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> - Fixed an issue in ***TableToMarkdown*** where the parameter removeNull=True.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***TableToMarkdown*** modified the *headers* parameter when removeNull=True.
```
